Technique example: data loader, Julia to TXT (#1421)
observablehq/framework: examples/loader-julia-to-txt/src/index.md

# Julia data loader to generate TXT

> Here’s a Julia data loader that accesses Edgar Allen Poe’s _The Raven_ from [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/1065/pg1065.txt), splits the text by stanza, then outputs a single stanza (specified by number in the loader) as text to standard out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here’s a Julia data loader that accesses Edgar Allen Poe’s _The Raven_ from [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/1065/pg1065.txt), splits the text by stanza (paragraph), then outputs its 29th stanza as text to standard out.
```
